”23890098	Shlykov, a hard-working taxi driver and Lyosha, a saxophonist, develop a bizarre love-hate relationship, and despite their prejudices, realize they aren't so different after all.
31186339	The nation of Panem consists of a wealthy Capitol and twelve poorer districts. As punishment for a past rebellion, each district must provide a boy and girl  between the ages of 12 and 18 selected by lottery  for the annual Hunger Games. The tributes must fight to the death in an arena; the sole survivor is rewarded with fame and wealth. In her first Reaping, 12-year-old Primrose Everdeen is chosen from District 12. Her older sister Katniss volunteers to take her place. Peeta Mellark, a baker's son who once gave Katniss bread when she was starving, is the other District 12 tribute. Katniss and Peeta are taken to the Capitol, accompanied by their frequently drunk mentor, past victor Haymitch Abernathy. He warns them about the "Career" tributes who train intensively at special academies and almost always win. During a TV interview with Caesar Flickerman, Peeta unexpectedly reveals his love for Katniss. She is outraged, believing it to be a ploy to gain audience support, as "sponsors" may provide in-Games gifts of food, medicine, and tools. However, she discovers Peeta meant what he said. The televised Games begin with half of the tributes killed in the first few minutes; Katniss barely survives ignoring Haymitch's advice to run away from the melee over the tempting supplies and weapons strewn in front of a structure called the Cornucopia. Peeta forms an uneasy alliance with the four Careers. They later find Katniss and corner her up a tree. Rue, hiding in a nearby tree, draws her attention to a poisonous tracker jacker nest hanging from a branch. Katniss drops it on her sleeping besiegers. They all scatter, except for Glimmer, who is killed by the insects. Hallucinating due to tracker jacker venom, Katniss is warned to run away by Peeta. Rue cares for Katniss for a couple of days until she recovers. Meanwhile, the alliance has gathered all the supplies into a pile. Katniss has Rue draw them off, then destroys the stockpile by setting off the mines planted around it. Furious, Cato kills the boy assigned to guard it. As Katniss runs from the scene, she hears Rue calling her name. She finds Rue trapped and releases her. Marvel, a tribute from District 1, throws a spear at Katniss, but she dodges the spear, causing it to stab Rue in the stomach instead. Katniss shoots him dead with an arrow. She then comforts the dying Rue with a song. Afterward, she gathers and arranges flowers around Rue's body. When this is televised, it sparks a riot in Rue's District 11. President Snow summons Seneca Crane, the Gamemaker, to express his displeasure at the way the Games are turning out. Since Katniss and Peeta have been presented to the public as "star-crossed lovers", Haymitch is able to convince Crane to make a rule change to avoid inciting further riots. It is announced that tributes from the same district can win as a pair. Upon hearing this, Katniss  berries, and President Snow considers the situation. Asiatic
20663735	Poovalli Induchoodan  is sentenced for six years prison life for murdering his classmate. Induchoodan, the only son of Justice Maranchery Karunakara Menon  was framed in the case by Manapally Madhavan Nambiar  and his crony DYSP Sankaranarayanan  to take revenge on idealist judge Menon who had earlier given jail sentence to Manapally in a corruption case. Induchoodan, who had achieved top rank in Indian Civil Service loses the post and Manapally Sudheeran ([[Saikumar  enters the list of civil service trainees. We learn in flashback that it was Ramakrishnan  the son of Moopil Nair , who had actually killed his classmate. Six years passes by and Manapally Madhavan Nambiar, now a former state minister, is dead and Induchoodan, who is all rage at the gross injustice meted out to him - thus destroying his promising life, is released from prison. Induchoodan thwarts Manapally Pavithran  from performing the funeral rituals of Nambiar at Bharathapuzha. Many confrontations between Induchoodan and Manapally's henchmen follow. Indu Induchoodan accepts Anuradha as his life partner.Romantic
2231378	The Lemon Drop Kid , a New York City swindler, is illegally touting horses at a Florida racetrack. After several successful hustles, the Kid comes across a beautiful, but gullible, woman intending to bet a lot of money. The Kid convinces her to switch her  night to find the home deserted and money  gone. Clued in by oversized Oxford footprints in the snow, the Kid and his friends pay Charley a visit. Here, Charley reveals the true nature of the Kid's scheme through a phone conversation with Moose Moran. The Kid's accomplices are angry and move to confront him, but the Kid manages to slip away. However, Brainy tracks him down outside and voices her disgust at his actions. After a few days of stewing in self-pity , the Kid is surprised to meet Nellie, who has escaped Charley's compound. He decides to recover the money, sneaking into Charley's home in the guise of an elderly woman. He finds that Charley and his crew are again moving the women, this time to a more secure location. Using the heightened activity to his advantage, the Kid enters Charley's office and confronts him. After a brief struggle, the Kid overpowers Charley and makes off with the money, narrowly avoiding the thugs Charley has sent after him. The ensuing chaos allows Brainy and the others to escape. Later that night, the Kid returns to the original Nellie Thursday home to meet with Moose Moran . The deal appears to be in jeopardy as Moran arrives with Charley. Charley demands that the Kid reimburse him, which would leave too little for Moran. However, the Kid turns the tables by hitting a switch, revealing hidden casino tables. All are occupied, mainly by the escaped old dolls. The Kid and his still-loyal friends hold off the gangsters as the police initiate a raid. Moran and Charley are arrested while the judge who sentenced the Kid earlier warns that he will be "keeping an eye on him". The Kid assures him that will not be necessary and his attention will lie on the home, which is going to become a reality. The night's main event begins as Nellie's husband Henry, free on parole, joyously reunites with his wife.
2408359	School is out and the teenagers head for the beach. All is well until millionaire Harvey Huntington Honeywagon III  comes around, convinced that the beachgoers are so senselessly obsessed with sex that their mentality is below that of a primate – especially Honeywagon's wunderkind pet chimp Clyde, who can surf, drive, and watusi better than anyone on the beach. With the teenagers demoralized and discredited, Honeywagon plans to turn Bikini Beach into a senior citizens retirement home. Meanwhile, foppish British rocker and drag racer Peter Royce Bentley, better known as "The Potato Bug" , has taken up residence on Bikini Beach. Annoyed by Frankie's reluctance to start their relationship towards marriage, Dee Dee becomes receptive to Potato Bug's advances. In a jealous rage, Frankie challenges The Potato Bug to a drag race, in hopes of winning Dee Dee back. African movie
5425205	Anna Khitrova , a British-Russian midwife at a London hospital, finds a Russian-language diary on the body of Tatiana, a 14-year-old girl who dies in childbirth. She also finds a card for the Trans-Siberian restaurant, which is owned by Semyon , an old vor in the Russian Mafia. Anna thus sets out to track down the girl's family so that she can find a home for the baby girl, having meetings with Semyon who she initially regards as friendly. Anna's mother Helen  does not discourage her, but Anna's Ukrainian uncle and self-described former KGB officer, Stepan , whom Anna asks for help with the translation of the diary, urges caution. Through translation of the diary, Anna comes to learn that Semyon and his unstable son Kirill , had abused the girl, addicted her to heroin, forced her into prostitution and raped her. Ultimately Anna realises that the baby was fathered by Semyon. Semyon's driver is Nikolai Luzhin , who also serves as the family cleaner, dumping murdered bodies in the River Thames. Through Nikolai, Semyon, fearing prosecution, promises to give the location of the girl's family to Anna if she hands back the diary. Nikolai takes the diary but does not give a location, instead later urging Anna to keep the baby in the UK as the girl's home is a bad village to grow up in. Semyon distrusts Anna's uncle Stepan due to his former position and ethnicity, ordering a hit on him. Nikolai accepts and soon Stepan goes missing. As Nikolai's star rises within the vory, an impressed Semyon sponsors him as a full member, with the appropriate tattoos, due in part to Nikolai's protection of Semyon's incompetent son who authorized a hit on a rival Chechen vory leader with the help of a kurdir protection. Semyon orders Kirill to kidnap the baby girl and kill her but as Kirill sits by the Thames, almost unable to throw the little girl into the river, Nikolai and Anna find him and persuade him to give the baby back. Nikolai and Kirill embrace as Nikolai tells him that his father is finished and they are now the bosses. Nik
595909	Seventh-day Adventist Church pastor Michael Chamberlain, his wife Lindy, their two sons, and their nine-week-old daughter Azaria are on a camping holiday in the Outback. With the baby sleeping in their tent, the family is enjoying a barbecue with their fellow campers when a cry is heard. Lindy returns to the tent to check on Azaria and is certain she sees a dingo with something in its mouth running off as she approaches. When she discovers the infant is missing, everyone joins forces to search for her, without success. It is assumed what Lindy saw was the animal carrying off the child, and a subsequent inquest rules her account of events is true. The tide of public opinion soon turns against the Chamberlains. For many, Lindy seems too stoic, too cold-hearted, and too accepting of the disaster that has befallen her. Gossip about her begins to swell and soon is accepted as statements of fact. The couple's beliefs are not widely practised in the country, and when the media report a rumour that the name Azaria means "sacrifice in the wilderness" , the public is quick to  wearing over her jumpsuit, which had been recovered early in the investigation. She is immediately released from prison, the case reopened and all convictions against the Chamberlains overturned.
5272176	The president is on his way to give a speech. While he is traveling there a man shows up with a camera. A reporter tries to ask a member of the secret service a questi that he still doesn't know who wanted the President dead.
1952976	{{plot}} The film opens in 1974, as a young girl, Dahlia, stands outside after school in the rain, waiting for her mother. Flash forward to 2005, we see a grown-up Dahlia  in the midst of a bitter mediation with ex-husband, Kyle , over custody of thei Dahlia, who is meeting with her lawyer, can't be reached, so Kyle picks her up and takes her to his apartment. Dahlia breaks down when she can't find her daughter and has strange dreams. These lead her to the roof and up the ladder of the water tank, where she finds Natasha's body. When police arrive, they discover that Natasha's father thought she was with her mother, while the mother thought the girl was with her father. The girl was left alone in the abandoned apartment and fell into the water tank, which Veeck had left open. He was aware of her body, which was why he refused to fix the water problem plaguing the complex. Veeck is arrested and Murray is questioned. Dahlia agrees to move closer to Kyle so shared custody will go easier. As Dahlia packs, Cecilia is taking a bath. A girl in a hooded bathrobe comes out of the bathroom, wanting Dahlia to read to her. When she hears voices in the bathroom, she realizes that the girl is Natasha. Natasha begs Dahlia not to leave her, but Dahlia rushes into the bathroom to save Cecilia. Natasha then locks Cecilia in the shower compartment and holds her underwater. Dahlia pleads with Natasha, promising to be her mother forever. Natasha lets Cecilia go and floods the apartment, causing Dahlia to die from drowning. Her and Natasha's spirits are shown walking down the hallway. Kyle picks up Cecilia from the police station. Weeks later, the two go back to pick up the rest of her stuff. Cecilia has a flashback of her and her mother looking at pictures together, and in the elevator, her mother's ghost braids her hair and comforts her—telling her she will always be there. Kyle, momentarily horrified with a malfunction in the elevator, the weird behavior of his daughter, and perhaps noticing her hair had been braided, finally takes her to his apartment in Jersey City.
24225279	The story begins with Hannah, a young Jewish teen, as she is completing her senior year of high school. Her small neighborhood in Brooklyn is falling apart and SING! is one of the only traditions keeping the neighborhood alive. Newly arrived teacher, Miss Lombardo grew up in the neighborhood but returned to be their Sing Leader. One cold Christmas night, Miss Lombardo is leaving a neighborhood party when a young man hails her a cab, then attempts to mug her. In self defense, she bites his hand to release his grip and he screams in pain and terror, quickly making an exit. The cab driver jokes about not starting the meter yet. On the first day of school, Miss Lombardo runs into difficulty when her students are uninterested and misbehaved. One such student was named Dominic who gets scolded for bringing stolen watches to school grounds and putting his feet up on the desk. On the day of Sing Leader elections, Miss Lombardo recognizes Dominic as her mugger by the bandage on his hand and decides to blackmail him into being co-Sing Leader of the Senior class along with Hannah, who was rightfully elected. The school kids work hard to plan their Sing prodto save the show. He sheds his bad-boy demeanor and exceeds all expectations. The underclassmen and seniors perform to a record-high sold out audience. At the end of the show, Hannah makes a moving speech motivating the community to rejoice and always remember that despite compromising circumstances, they completed a successful Sing and proved their community's worth.
2462689	Infuriated at being told to write one final column after being laid off from her newspaper job, Ann Mitchell  prints a letter from a fictional unemployed "John Doe" threatening suicide on Christmas Eve in protest of society's ills. When the note causes a sensation and the paper's competition suspects a fraud and starts to investigate, the newspaper editor rehires Mitchell who comes up with a scheme of hiding the fictional nature of "John Doe" while exploiting the sensation caused by the fake letter to boost the newspaper's sales, for which she demands a bonus equal to 8 months' pay. After reviewing a number of derelicts who have shown up at the paper claiming to have pennto support for his own national political ambitions. As a culmination of this plan, Norton has instructed Mitchell to write a speech for Willoughby in which he announces the foundation of a new political party and endorses Norton as its presidential candidate. When Willoughby, who has come to believe in the John Doe philosophy himself, realizes that he is being used, he tries to expose the plot, but is first stymied in his attempts to talk his own mind to a nationwide radio audience at the rally instead of reading the prepared speech, and then exposed as a fake by Norton, who claims to have been deceived, like everyone else, by the staff of the newspaper. Frustrated by his failure, Willoughby intends to commit suicide by jumping from the roof of the City Hall on Christmas Eve, as indicated in the original John Doe letter. Only the intervention of Mitchell and followers of the John Doe clubs persuades him to renege on his threat to kill himself. At this point in the movie, a reference to Jesus Christ is made, that a historical "John Doe" has already died for the sake of humanity. The film ends with Connell turning to Norton and saying, "There you are, Norton! The people! Try and lick that!"
20532852	A line of people  drool at the window of the shop of market butcher Buzz Buzzard. A short series of gags ensues about how Buzz dishonestly  "jacks" up all his prices. Since Woody is broke as usual, he sneaks in and gets thrown out by Buzz. On the way out, Woody collides with a bottle of invisible ink and turns partially invisible. Buzz can only see parts of Woody's body, and, in a somewhat gruesome scene, thinks that he's been dismembered, so he sweeps him into a trap door to get rid of him. When Woody awakes, he realizes what is happening, and he douses himself with the rest of the ink in order to pose as a ghost.Politic